Judgements.md, before:

## Agile Development

Software design is about **abstraction**, which needs traning and pratices.

The lack of abstraction ability cannot be compensated by _SCRUM_ or AGILE process.

For worst case, shit one's pants and do laundry in next Sprint.

## IT Profession

A responsible programmer learns the philosophy of programming languages/frameworks/tools.

You don't have to know all of the things in one day,
what you have to do is to learn a little more everyday.

An irresponsible programmer creates his own error handling, error-prone design, etc.

## Simplicity

* **Do not** invent something have to be remembered by someone.
* If something is triggered without thinking, the worst outcome is harmless.
* If something have to be remembered, it's much better that the thing have been written by official documentations.
* Some automatic tests ensure the error-free environment for trivial things.

## Coding

"Feeling" cannot be a reason for good style.

Unit tests give you a way to review your design.

Complex unit tests means complex design,<br>
which indicates poor design,<br>
which tips error-prone fragements of code.

## Learning

* Be humble and foolish while reading the time-proof books.
* Be careful of code snippets.

## Documenting

Use documenting to clarify your mind.

If you can write effectively, you can code effectively.

Make you as your reader, who is unable to meet you face-to-face.

An incompetent programmer also makes unreadable documentations.

## Work philosophies

Before you invent anything, try to read the TOCs of framework/languages/tool documentations.

The recursive process of incompetent programmer

* _"I don't have time to learn X, so I have to spent a lot of X^2 time to fix the thing"._

## The whole picture

* If you only need a few Git's features for daily work,<br>
you must have done something correctly.
* If we keep discussing the rules of ticket system,<br>
we must have a lot of defects to be managed.

## Ignorances

* _"The time spent on hot fixes is shorter than writing unit tests."_
* _"My code is self-documented"_
  * I wish the developers of OSs/compilers/frameworks/libraries/databases can say the same thing to their user.
* _"CI/CD can fix everything, even for 5 hot-fixes in a row of same feature in an hour."_
* _"I had to abstract `StringUtils.trim()`([Apache Common Lang](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/)) in case of future replacement."_

Commit message:

Add judgements about unit tests

Judgements.md, after:

## Agile Development

Software design is about **abstraction**, which needs training and practices.

The lack of abstraction ability cannot be compensated by _SCRUM_ or AGILE process.

For worst case, shit one's pants and do laundry in next Sprint.

## IT Profession

A responsible programmer learns the philosophy of programming languages/frameworks/tools.

You don't have to know all of the things in one day,
what you have to do is to learn a little more everyday.

An irresponsible programmer creates his own error handling, error-prone design, etc.

## Simplicity

* **Do not** invent something have to be remembered by someone.
* If something is triggered without thinking, the worst outcome is harmless.
* If something have to be remembered, it's much better that the thing have been written by official documentations.
* Some automatic tests ensure the error-free environment for trivial things.

## Coding

"Feeling" cannot be a reason for good style.

Unit tests give you a way to review your design.

Complex unit tests means complex design,<br>
which indicates poor design,<br>
which tips error-prone fragments of code.

## Unit Test

1. You don't know how many times will you need to test your code in future.
1. You have to pay $1 for every time testing your code.
1. You only have to pay $5 to write unit tests and you can run tests for free in future.

No fucking excuse.

## Learning

* Be humble and foolish while reading the time-proof books.
* Be careful of code snippets.

## Documenting

Use documenting to clarify your mind.

If you can write effectively, you can code effectively.

Make you as your reader, who is unable to meet you face-to-face.

An incompetent programmer also makes unreadable documentations.

## Work philosophies

Before you invent anything, try to read the TOCs of framework/languages/tool documentations.

The recursive process of incompetent programmer

* _"I don't have time to learn X, so I have to spent a lot of X^2 time to fix the thing"._

## The whole picture

* If you only need a few Git's features for daily work,<br>
you must have done something correctly.
* If we keep discussing the rules of ticket system,<br>
we must have a lot of defects to be managed.

## Ignorances

* _"The time spent on hot fixes is shorter than writing unit tests."_
* _"My code is self-documented"_
  * I wish the developers of OSs/compilers/frameworks/libraries/databases can say the same thing to their user.
* _"CI/CD can fix everything, even for 5 hot-fixes in a row of same feature in an hour."_
* _"I had to abstract `StringUtils.trim()`([Apache Common Lang](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/)) in case of future replacement."_
